one of the issues from the ground water
district perspective is not is not
whether its uranium contamination or are
that are the decay products of the
ranking but it's it's just simply than
the disturbance of the option for itself
and the results of that I mean whether
this has gotten uranium rated or not
this is undrinkable
since April of 2007 we have had a
continuation of problems with the same
Wells and then additional wells have
also now started having problems that
never had problems before this used to
be good drinking quality water people
are trying to filter this out and use it
any domestically for to drink and to
cook we got a test where did this water
come from starting probably back like
march of 2008 of there was there was
extensive exploration drilling just to
the south of with as well as long as no
look at this filter that just came out
roses rooms that's algae that's out this
is another filter that's been in just a
short period of time and you can see
this is really well he could for lack of
a half a statistical analysis it just
mud it's just pretty pretty money and
that filter was in two months and
previously they have not seen this kind
of deterioration in that of that type in
that period of time going well
no I call it a whole pie I would say my
prayer would be that that the wonderful
quality of life that we have in going to
me that it be maintained and sustaining
the weird county is just a beautiful
natural place with trees and grads
Wildlife and fish and it just it's just
a wonderful place to live